Drush Site Manager Alpha 1

BACKGROUND:

Drush Siteman is basically a lightweight version of Aegir with the empasis on the Linux (and 
possiblly Mac) developer. Using drush (and drushrc.php for the configuation of you directories) 
you can quickly: 

  - Install platforms from makefiles
  
  - Install sites to those platforms and
      - Copy default.settings.php to settings.php
      - Create files directory
      - Set up very tight permissions on settings.php and files
      - Set up a MySQL database with it's own username and password
      - Set up Apache
      
  - Move sites between platforms, just like Aegir.
  
  - Small "bonus" options, like support for Eclipse projects
  
Any configuration option can be left out and Siteman will simply ignore it. If you don't 
want this system to set up a database for whatever reason, you simply don't define it in the
configuration. Siteman will happily continue to set up the rest of the stuff without a care
in the world. 

The system tries to be a flexible as possible (almost any location/directory and even certain
shell commands can be configured) but in some cases there are forced constraints. Where appropriate,
it tries to enforce good practises. For example, the system forces you to keep all your makefiles 
in one location (works well with version control), and you cannot build multiple platforms from 
one makefile.  There is a forced one-to-one relation from the makefile's point of view. The 
makefile /makefiles/d7.0-devel.make will only install to /platforms/d7.0devel/. This is to keep 
things orderly. 

You can however manually install a platform in your platforms directory (for example, you
copied it from another server) and Siteman will still read it even if there is no makefile
for that platform. 


COMMANDS:

Once properly configured (see INSTALLATION.txt) you'll be able to execute the following 
commands (all very similar to Aegir). The examples below use the alias/short version 
of the command. 

1.  Set up a platform from a makefile

      drush siteman-platform-install <makefile> <platform>
      
      Example:
        drush smpi d7.0-devel

2.  Set up a site in that platform

      drush siteman-site-install <platform> <sitename>
      
      - will install your site to the correct directory in your platform (ie sites/clientwebsite)
      - will copy default.settings.php to settings.php, create /files directory
      - Set the correct webserver permissions
      - will configure apache and reload.
      - will add the sitename to your /etc/hosts file
      - will create a database 
      
      Example:
        drush smsi d7.0-devel clientwebsite
        
        
3.  Move a site between platforms

      drush siteman-site-move <source_platform> <sitename> <target_platform>
      
      - will move all the files to new platform
      - will update your apache configuration and reload it. 
      
      
4.  List all sites and their platforms in a table

      drush siteman-site-list
      
      (Not implemented yet)
      

5.  Delete a platform
      (not implemented yet)



KNOWN BUGS / LIMITATIONS:

Too many to mention - this is still alpha. See code for "TODO's"

